README.md, before:

# Kuro AI

A modern AI application built with FastAPI and Next.js.

## Project Structure

- `backend/` - FastAPI backend service
- `frontend/` - Next.js frontend application

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- FastAPI
- Python 3.11
- SQLAlchemy
- Alembic for migrations
- pytest for testing

### Frontend
- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- ESLint + Prettier

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Git

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd kuroai
   ```

2. Switch to development branch
   ```bash
   git checkout dev
   ```

3. Start services
   ```bash
   docker-compose up --build
   ```

4. Access the applications:
   - Frontend: http://localhost:3000
   - Backend API: http://localhost:8000
   - API Documentation: http://localhost:8000/docs

## Development

We follow a structured development workflow to maintain code quality and collaboration. Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before starting development.

### Key Points

- Branch from `dev` for new features and fixes
- Follow conventional commits
- Write tests for new features
- Update documentation as needed

## Documentation

- [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [API Documentation](http://localhost:8000/docs)

## License

[MIT License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: Add Render deployment configuration and update Dockerfiles for production

README.md, after:

# Kuro AI

A modern AI application built with FastAPI and Next.js.

## Project Structure

- `backend/` - FastAPI backend service
- `frontend/` - Next.js frontend application

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- FastAPI
- Python 3.11
- SQLAlchemy
- Alembic for migrations
- pytest for testing

### Frontend
- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- ESLint + Prettier

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Git

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd kuroai
   ```

2. Switch to development branch
   ```bash
   git checkout dev
   ```

3. Start services
   ```bash
   docker-compose up --build
   ```

4. Access the applications:
   - Frontend: http://localhost:3000
   - Backend API: http://localhost:8000
   - API Documentation: http://localhost:8000/docs

## Development

We follow a structured development workflow to maintain code quality and collaboration. Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before starting development.

### Key Points

- Branch from `dev` for new features and fixes
- Follow conventional commits
- Write tests for new features
- Update documentation as needed

## Documentation

- [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [API Documentation](http://localhost:8000/docs)

## Deployment

This project is configured for deployment on [Render](https://render.com). The `render.yaml` file contains all necessary configuration for both services.

### Deployment Setup

1. Create a Render account and connect your GitHub repository

2. Create a new "Blueprint" instance and select your repository

3. Render will automatically detect the `render.yaml` configuration

4. Set up the following environment variables in Render dashboard:
   ```
   # Backend
   CORS_ORIGINS=https://your-frontend-url.onrender.com
   DATABASE_URL=postgresql://user:pass@host:5432/db
   
   # Frontend
   NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=https://your-backend-url.onrender.com
   ```

5. Deploy! Render will automatically build and deploy both services

### Deployment URLs

- Frontend: https://kuroai-frontend.onrender.com
- Backend API: https://kuroai-api.onrender.com
- API Docs: https://kuroai-api.onrender.com/docs

## License

[MIT License](LICENSE)
